So let's do another bug.
So here I have a feature
that's blowing up,
here Rant text is remembered
after we delete it.
And so a user reported this to us, which
is, the most expensive kind of issue.
So let's see if we can figure this out.
So the feature that I have here
Which I think is really cool,
is that if your user is typing
some very thoughtful rant, and
they're just spending a lot of
time wordsmithing something,
like front end masters is so
lame, fake news.
And then, I don't know how to finish that.
Later I can come back, and reload
the page, and it's still there, right?
I wanna pick up where I left off.
So, when I'm ready to pick up and
keep going and say, it's fake news, so
sad, that's it.
But maybe now I reconsider and I say,
you know what, that's wrong and
inflammatory, and
I should really delete that.
So, I'm going to select all the text and
remove it.
But the next time I come back to
get ranter, it shows up again.
So why is it still there?
So we're gonna turn this
over to you right away,
to some of the same
techniques you already used.
I'd say,
take a look at the DOM inspector and
see what are the things that
are listening to that textbox.
And see if you can figure out,
why is this remembering the text even
though the user deleted everything in it